c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapPropertiesTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\Template\DeleteItemTemplateQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\AI\AIBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\SelectFunctionQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Console\ConsoleCommands.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\ShiftNodesInputForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\QuestRequireStartItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\UpdateQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\AccountCharacterTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Screens\CreateCharacterScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\MapGrh.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Stats\Collections\StatCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateIDListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\InsertGuildEventQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapEditBackgroundToolForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\EventCountersMapTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\GrhIndex.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\EngineSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Control Bases\TextControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Say\SayHandlerCommands.Groups.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Strings\Text Filter\TextFilter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Items\Inventory\UserInventoryUpdater.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Network\MessageProcessor\MessageProcessorID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\ChatClasses\EditorNPCChatConditionalCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\QuestIDListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\DeleteUserCharacterQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapPropertiesToolForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\GUI Manager\GUIManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Matrix.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\ActionDisplays\ActionDisplayID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Plane.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleEmitterFactory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Networking\ClientPacketHandlerEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\AdvancedClassTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Variable Values\VariableShort.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\StyledTextsDrawer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\SoundInfoListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\NPCChatDialogEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\VirtualList.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\MusicInfoListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\DeleteGuildQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\Sprite Categorization\SpriteTitle.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Items\ItemEntity.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Say\SayHandlerCommands.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\InsertMapQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\AutomaticGrhDataSizeUpdater.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\SelectCharacterTemplateIDsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\EntityTypeUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\StatusEffects\StatusEffectSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\Persistable Controls\PersistableCheckBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\NPCChat\ServerNPCChatDialog.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\CountRecentlyCreatedAccounts.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryRunner\DbQueryRunner.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapDisplayForegroundTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\SelectItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountConsumeItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\ParticleEffectListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Body\BodyID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\ValueReaderWriter\Binary\BinaryValueWriter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Atlas\AtlasNode.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhDataCategoryTextBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\BoundingBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Template\CharacterTemplateIDConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\BodyEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\Conditionals\Parameters\NPCChatConditionalParameterFloat.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\UITypeEditorListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\AccountBanTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Interface\GameplayScreenControls.TopDown.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ServerTimeTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Groups\GroupForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapWallsDrawerTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\ShiftContentsForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\ItemEntityBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\MusicEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\DbConnectionSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\StatsForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\NetGore\SoundBuffer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\NPC\DeletePersistentNPCQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Window\NetGore\ObjectBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\CallProcedureQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Guilds\UserGuildInformation.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\NetGore\LazyImage.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\ChatClasses\EditorNPCChatDialogItem.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\ToolTargetFormBase.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\SkillsForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsUserConsumeItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\MySql\QueryBuilder\MySqlInsertODKUQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateAndAmountEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Window\EventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\DbObjs\ItemTemplateTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\AllianceID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ActionDisplayIDEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsNetworkTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\User.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\InsertGuildQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\DeleteItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\StatTypeConstDictionaryUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsUserLevelTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Stats\Collections\StatCollectionStatChangedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\GameControl\GameControlKeys.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\HPPercentGreaterThan.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\PersistentCharacterStatusEffects.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\AllianceAttackableTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\StationaryGrhData.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterTemplateEquippedTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\UpdateGuildNameQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Variable Values\VariableUShort.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Guilds\GuildMembersFormBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Skills\SkillInfoManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\Connections\DbConnectionPool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsGuildUserChangeTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\MusicEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\HPPercentGreaterThanOrEqualTo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\MaskedTextBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\BoundingBoxConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\DArray\DArrayEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Banning\SelectAccountBansQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountShopSellQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\MapSpawn\MapSpawnRectEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleModifiers\Core\ParticleModifierFactory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\Schema\ColumnSchema.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\PropertyGrid Wrappers\EditorQuest.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Rewards\SelectQuestRewardItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Guilds\GuildSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsNetworkQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapGridDrawerTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\NPCChatDialogComboBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Converters\SimpleExpandableTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\Text.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Screens\GameMenuScreenBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Guilds\GuildID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\TemporaryEffects\Grh\MapGrhEffectSeekSpatial.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\Spatial\LinearSpatialCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\DbResources.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\InsertCharacterTemplateInventoryQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\PeerTrading\EventArgs\ItemSlotClickedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\CharacterTemplateID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Stats\Stat.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\View.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterQuestStatusKillsTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\NetGore\RenderImage.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\Sprite.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\SoundEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\IDCreatorBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountNPCKillUserQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\World\World.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\PropertyGrid Wrappers\CharacterTemplateEquippedItem.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Banning\StoredProcGetReasons.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\MapItemListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapDisplayBackgroundTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsNpcKillUserTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\GameMenuForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\MapSpawnValuesID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ActiveTradeCashTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsQuestCompleteQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\NPCChatManagerBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\AllianceTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\ValueCollectionBuilder.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\GameForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\MapPreviewForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Variable Values\VariableSByte.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\EventCountersItemTemplateTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Guilds\GuildOnlineMembersForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\EventCountersQuestTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\CharacterTemplateIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Extensions\DbConnectionSettingsExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\MPPercentGreaterThanOrEqualTo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\Sound.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Emoticons\EmoticonInfoManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\Mean Stack\MeanStack.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Music\MusicManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ViewUserCharacterTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\InsertCharacterTemplateIDOnlyQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\PeerTrading\EventArgs\ClientPeerTradeInfoHandlerCashChangedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\ClassCreator\Generators\DbClassGenerator.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\BitStream\BitStreamExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\MapIndexEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\MapInstance.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Rectangle.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\UserInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountItemCreateTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterTemplateQuestProviderTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Banning\StoredProcIsBanned.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Emoticons\EmoticonInfoManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\MapEntityIndex.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Variable Values\VariableColor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Groups\Group.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\UpdateCharacterQuestStatusKillsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\EmitterModifierCollectionEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\Template\InsertItemTemplateQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Character Sprite\SkeletonCharacterSprite.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\MethodInfoHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountConsumeItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Quests\QuestRequirementCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\Rewards\ExpQuestReward.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\EmitterModifiers\Core\EmitterModifierFactory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterTemplateEquippedTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\StatusEffect\StatusEffectInfoAttribute.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\PeerTrading\ClientPeerTradeInfoHandlerBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\PropertySync\PropertySyncBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\CustomUITypeEditors.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\Shader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Music\MusicInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Banning\BanningManagerBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Skin\SkinManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\ServerConsoleCommandEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\EditorTool\ToolTargetContainer\ToolTargetContainerCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\CharacterEntity.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\QuickBarForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Sound\SoundInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\Quest.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\Sprite Categorization\SpriteCategory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\Persistable Controls\PersistableRadioButton.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\MySql\QueryBuilder\MySqlDeleteQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\DeleteMapQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\DbObjs\ColumnCollections\StatTypeConstDictionary.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\MapGrhWalls.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateIDListEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Networking\ClientPacketHandler.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\ItemTemplateID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterStatusEffectTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Skills\SelectCharacterTemplateSkillsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Finish Reqs\SelectQuestRequireKillQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsUserKillNpcQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\EquippedEventHandler.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\PeerTrading\PeerTradingRemoveItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Shop\DeleteShopQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\DynamicEntityFactory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateEquippedItemEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Items\ItemTemplateManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\UpdateItemFieldQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Skeleton\Body\SkeletonBodyItemInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\MutablePair.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\ItemTemplateListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\EventCountersGuildTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\DeleteGuildMemberQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Entities\Entity.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\MapDrawLayerEventHandler.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Window\VideoMode.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Template\CharacterTemplateManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleModifiers\ParticleLinearScaleModifier.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\MapIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\EventCountersUserTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\SelectQuestQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\MPPercentLessThan.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\UpdateMapQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\AutomaticAnimationInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\EditorTool\ToolManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\Thread Safe\TSList.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Skills\KnownSkillsCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Quests\DbClassGeneratorSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateEquippedItemListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\AI\AIID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Screen Manager\GameScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterStatusEffectTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Network\ExternalIPParsingRule.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Quests\QuestID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Primitives\RenderRectangle.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Shops\ShopID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\ParticleModifierCollectionEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\Query\DbQueryNonReader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\Rect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterEquippedTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\CharacterStatusEffects.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\SoundRecorder.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Finish Reqs\SelectQuestRequireFinishItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\ClientPeerTradeInfoHandlerEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhTreeView\GrhTreeView.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\EditorHelpManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\ChatClasses\EditorNPCChatResponse.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Banning\BanningManagerAccountBannedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsQuestCancelTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\Label.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateAmountListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\SkeletonNodesComboBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\MPPercentLessThanOrEqualTo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapSaveAsTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Window\Window.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\ItemTemplateAndAmountListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Event Handling\ValueChangedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Guilds\Guild.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhDataTextureTextBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\NPCChat\ServerNPCChatDialogItem.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\CharacterTemplateEquippedItemListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\SelectQuestValuesQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\StatTypeConstDictionaryTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Groups\UserGroupInformation.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\PeerTrading\EventArgs\ClientPeerTradeInfoHandlerSlotUpdatedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Quests\QuestSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsUserShoppingTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterQuestStatusKillsTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapPropertiesToolForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Account\UserAccountManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\GrhTreeViewForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountItemCreateTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Networking\ClientSockets.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\PriorityQueue.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\TemporaryEffects\Grh\MapGrhEffectLoopOnce.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\CountAccountCharactersByIDQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Sound\SoundManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\ClassCreator\GeneratedTableCode.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountItemCreateQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\ServerTimeTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\QueryResultFilterBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\ItemIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\ChatBubble.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Sound\SoundIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\UI\Compact\CompactUI.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Type\TypeHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\GrhConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\SelectedMapObjectsForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\ValueReaderWriter\Xml\XmlValueReader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ShopIDEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\PropertyGrid Wrappers\EditorCharacterTemplate.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountUserKillNpcTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\MapSpawnTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountConsumeItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\UITypeEditorListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsQuestAcceptTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Server.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\EquippedForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\NPCChat\ClientNPCChatDialog.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\MapParticleEffectCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterEquippedTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\Conditionals\Parameters\NPCChatConditionalParameterInteger.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\ItemChance.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Skills\DeleteCharacterTemplateSkillsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Guilds\GuildMemberNameRank.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\DbEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\GrhUITypeEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Converters\SimpleTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Window\ContextSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Light\Light.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\AllianceUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Stats\Collections\IStatCollectionExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\SpriteBatch\SpriteBatch.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterTemplateSkillTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\SkeletonEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\GameTime\GameDateTime.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Control Bases\Control.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Event Handling\EventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\ColumnValueCollectionBuilder.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Emitters\ConeEmitter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\ActiveTradeCashTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Character.TopDown.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\SafeRandom.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\DeleteCharacterTemplateQuestProviderForCharacterQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\Template\SelectItemTemplateIDsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\TextEventArgsFilters.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Account\AccountID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Refraction\WaterRefractionEffect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Music\MusicIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\NPCChatEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\ShopItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\SelectAccountCharacterInfoQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\StatusEffect\SelectCharacterStatusEffectsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Variable Values\VariableFloat.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Skills\SkillStrengthen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\TemporaryEffects\Particle\TemporaryMapParticleEffectSeekPosition.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateAndAmountListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\AI\TestAI.TopDown.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\Spawn\SelectMapSpawnsOnMapQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Content\ContentManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Control Bases\SpriteControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Network\MessageProcessor\Stats\MessageProcessorStatistics.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Drawing Tools\ScreenGrid.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\InsertUpdateAllianceQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsUserConsumeItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\InsertItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\DeleteCharacterTemplateInventoryForCharacterQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\ClassCreator\ColumnCollectionItem.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Skeleton\Skeleton.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountNpcKillUserTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\AutomaticAnimatedGrhData.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\RayConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Quaternion.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\Template\SelectItemTemplateQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\ShiftNodesInputForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\MusicUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\BitStream\BitStream.IValueReader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\SelectCharacterTemplateEquippedQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\AccountBanTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Properties\ClientSettings.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\SelectCharacterEquippedBodiesQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\RandomHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Emitters\PolygonEmitter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\ClassCreator\Generators\MySqlClassGenerator.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\AllianceIDListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\RectangleConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\UpdateCharacterQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Shops\DbClassGeneratorSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\MapPreviewForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsQuestAcceptQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Extensions\ISpriteBatchExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\DeleteQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\DataReaderContainer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\QuestRequireStartQuestTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\NetGore\Image.NetGore.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleModifiers\Core\ParticleModifier.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\QuestTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\QuestIDListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Variable Values\VariableByte.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\StatusEffectsForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\Spawn\UpdateMapSpawnQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Atlas\TextureAtlas.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\SelectAccountCharacterNamesQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleModifiers\ParticleColorModifier.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Sound\SoundID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\QuestEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\InsertQuestQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Skeleton\SkeletonManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\MySql\QueryBuilder\MySqlCallProcedureQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\BitStream\BitStream.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Vector4.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\InventoryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\RenderWindow.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterInventoryTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Quests\AvailableQuestsForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\MapSpawnTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Entities\WallEntityBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\InsertAllianceHostileQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\BoundingSphere.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapToolBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\Persistable\PersistableHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Finish Reqs\InsertQuestRequireFinishItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapLightSourceDrawerTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\NPCChatDialogUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Properties\ServerSettings.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\MapSpawnValuesIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\Vector2Converter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Networking\ServerSockets.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Extensions\FormKeysExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\PeerTrading\EventArgs\PeerTradeInfoHandlerChangedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\AllianceIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\CreateUserOnAccountQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhTreeView\EditGrhForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Emitters\LineEmitter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\QuestIDListEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Shops\CharacterShoppingState.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Ray.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\NetGore\Font.NetGore.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Items\InsertCharacterEquippedItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\SelectQuestIDsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\SelectCharacterTemplateQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\ValueReaderWriter\Generic\GenericValueReader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\InsertODKUQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\DbEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\MessageCollectionBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\PeerTrading\PeerTradeSessionBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\AllianceHostileTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Groups\GroupMemberInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Vector2.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\ShopTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\ObjectStatePersister.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\NPC\SelectPersistentMapNPCsByRespawnMapQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\UserStats.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildByTagQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Skills\InsertCharacterSkillQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\ActionDisplayScripts.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\BitStream\BitStream.Write.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\QuestRewardItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\MessageBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryStats\QueryStats.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Groups\GroupSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Skills\InsertCharacterTemplateSkillQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\TextBoxLine.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\PeerTrading\ServerPeerTradeInfoHandlerBase.cs      Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Sound\ISoundManagerExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\Cursors\MapGrhPencilTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildMembersListQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\PeerTrading\PeerTradingGetLostCashQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\QuestRequireFinishQuestTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\SelectAllianceHostileQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\CharacterIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\Music.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Effect\ParticleEffectManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\SoundEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterTemplateTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\PeerTrading\PeerTradingSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\PeerTrading\PeerTradingReplaceCashQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\Spatial\SpatialManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Screens\NewAccountScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\InsertCharacterTemplateEquippedQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\CharacterAttackEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\Screen Controls\ParticleEffectScreenControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\GuildMemberTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Interface\GUIStatePersister.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Shops\ShopIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\CharacterTemplateInventoryItemListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Banning\InsertAccountBanQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateAndAmountListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\PropertyGrid Wrappers\EditorMapSpawnValues.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\UpdateTimeLastLoginQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.GUITester\TestScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\StatTypeConstDictionaryEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Screen Manager\ScreenManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Items\Inventory\InventoryChangeTracker.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\ControlBorder\ControlBorder.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\PeerTrading\PeerTradeFormBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\InsertGuildMemberQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\NPCChatDialogItemBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\SelectActiveQuestsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\TemporaryEffects\Grh\MapGrhEffectSeekPosition.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\MusicEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\FieldPropertyDescriptor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\PropertyPropertyDescriptor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\QuestRewardItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\MainForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\Context.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\EventCounters\EventCounter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\TransBox\TransBoxManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\EmitterModifiers\EmitterBurstEmitModifier.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsQuestAcceptTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\NPCSpawnsListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\Shape.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterTemplateInventoryTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountItemSellQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapEditNPCSpawnsToolForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\QuestIDListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\QuestRequireFinishQuestTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\ParticleEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsQuestCancelQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateAmountListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\SkillTypeListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Guilds\IGuildManagerExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\ActionDisplays\ActionDisplayCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Networking\ClientPacket.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\World\Map\Entities\ItemEntity.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterTemplateTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateEquippedItemListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsUserLevelQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\MemberPropertyDescriptor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\GuildTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\Vector3Extensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\SelectCompletedQuestsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\Vector4Extensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\SkeletonLoader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\NPCChat\ServerNPCChatResponse.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\EditorTool\Tool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Stats\ModStatHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\BodyInfoListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Start Reqs\SelectQuestRequireStartItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\ActionDisplays\ActionDisplayScriptManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\AllianceIDListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\DeleteCharacterQuestStatusQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\Button.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ViewNpcCharacterTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsUserKillNpcTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ItemTemplateTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Screens\GameplayScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\PropertyGrid Wrappers\EditorShop.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhTreeView\WallsListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Skills\SkillManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildMemberQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\QuaternionConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\ChatClasses\EditorNPCChatConditionalCollectionItem.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\Vector2Extensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Quests\QuestDescriptionCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapDeleteTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\SelectMapQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\QuestRequireFinishItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\AIIDUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\BitStream\BitStream.Read.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\UpdateGuildTagQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Account\AccountIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\Spatial\GridSpatialCollectionBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Finish Reqs\InsertQuestRequireFinishQuestQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountUserKillNPCQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\GameMessageCollectionLanguageEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\SoundStream.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Entities\DynamicEntity.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\PeerTrading\PeerTradingRemoveCashQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Stats\ChangedStatsTracker.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\CountGuildFoundersQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Messages\GameMessageCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\EventCountersUserTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\AllianceIDListEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\PeerTrading\PeerTradingInsertItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\KeysExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\Persistable Controls\PersistableTextBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\Type\TypeFactory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsUserShoppingTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\StatusEffects\StatusEffectManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\PropertyGrid Wrappers\CharacterTemplateInventoryItem.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleModifiers\Core\ParticleModifierCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Targeting\Targeter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\BanningManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\SelectQuestStatusKillsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Game Container\GameBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountUserConsumeItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\Form.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Extensions\TreeNodeCollectionExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Screens\LoginScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Item\Template\InsertItemTemplateIDOnlyQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\QuestPerformerStatusHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountNpcKillUserTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Guilds\GuildMemberInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterTemplateInventoryTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\AllianceIDListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\Sprite Categorization\SpriteCategorization.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhTreeView\EditGrhForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\World\Map\MapEntityBoxDrawer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\TableColumnPair.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\DeleteAllianceQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\InsertCharacterTemplateQuestProviderQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\CustomUITypeEditors.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\DeleteCharacterTemplateQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Emitters\ParticleEmitter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\ChatClasses\EditorNPCChatDialog.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountUserConsumeItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\ShopForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Background\BackgroundImage.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\ItemID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Say\SayHandlerCommands.HelperMethods.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Network\Sockets\SocketManager\ClientSocketManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ShopItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\BoundingSphereConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\PeerTrading\PeerTradingHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Shop\SelectShopIDsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Cryptography\Hasher.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Point.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\Query\DbQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Light\LightManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\SoundUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\StatusEffects\ActiveStatusEffect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Stats\SPValueType.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\AIIDEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Interface\GameplayScreenControls.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\InventoryForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\NPCChat\ClientNPCChatResponse.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterSkillTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Skeleton\Body\SkeletonBodyInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Shops\ShopSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Shop\ShopItem\InsertShopItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Networking\ServerPacketHandler.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\ParticleEmitterListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Exceptions\ParticleEmitterLoadEmitterException.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\MySql\QueryBuilder\MySqlQueryBuilderSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\ItemInfoRequester\EquipmentInfoRequester.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Character.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\World\Map\Map.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Quests\UserQuestInformation.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\IEnumerableExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Drawing Tools\OffscreenRenderBufferManagerBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\ToolTargetFormBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\SelectCharacterByIDQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsUserKillNpcTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\SelectAccountQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\ColumnCollectionBuilder.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\MPPercentGreaterThan.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\AccountTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\InsertAllianceAttackableQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterQuestStatusTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\StyledText.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\NonPersistentCharacterStatusEffects.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\SelectedObjectsManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\WorldStatsTracker.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\CharacterEntity.TopDown.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\QuestRequireKillTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\ShiftContentsForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\Schema\TableSchema.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Screens\ConsoleScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountShopBuyTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Music\MusicID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Rewards\InsertQuestRewardItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\Screen Controls\MapPreviewScreenControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\UpdateCharacterQuestStatusFinishedQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ShopUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\ServerCleaner.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapEditBackgroundTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\ItemChanceTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Properties\ClientSettingsDescriptions.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\InventorySlotTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\NPCChat\ClientNPCChatDialogItem.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Items\InsertCharacterInventoryItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Items\DeleteCharacterEquippedItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateInventoryItemEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Event Handling\EventHandlerExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\NPCChatDialogForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Skeleton\SkeletonSet.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\NPCChatEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\GrhEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\Rewards\MoneyQuestReward.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\Conditionals\Parameters\NPCChatConditionalParameterString.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\KnowSkillsCollectionChangedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\Panel.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Camera\Camera2D.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\IO\BitStreamExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\IDictionaryExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\SelectAccountCharacterIDsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Say\SayHandlerCommands.Moderator.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Networking\CreateAccountEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Targeting\CharacterTargeter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleModifiers\ParticleRadialGravityModifier.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\ServerSettingsValidator.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\ItemTemplateIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterInventoryTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\NPCChatConditionalEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\Cache\HashCache.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\EmitterModifiers\Core\EmitterModifierCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\SetAccountCurrentIPNullQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\UI\WinForms\frmMain.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\SetAccountCurrentIPsNullQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Quests\QuestDescriptionListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\NPCChatDialogID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateAndAmountListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\GameChatBubble.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\Vector3Converter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\GameMessageValueListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsUserConsumeItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\SelectAllianceQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\Vector4Converter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\EventCountersShopTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountShopBuyTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\GameControl\GameControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ActiveTradeItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Exceptions\UnsupportedGrhDataTypeException.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\Cache\ThreadSafeHashCache.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Skills\SkillBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Screens\CharacterSelectionScreen.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Refraction\RefractionManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\CharacterTemplateAndAmountListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\SkillTypeListEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\EditorTypes.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateIDListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhTreeView\GrhTreeViewEditGrhDataEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\MySql\QueryBuilder\MySqlQueryBuilderFunctions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\GuildTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Properties\ServerSettingsDescriptions.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\QuestRequireStartQuestTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\InsertCharacterQuestStatusStartQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Inventory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\SoundBufferRecorder.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\CreateAccountQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\BodyEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Items\DeleteCharacterInventoryItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Shop\SelectShopQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Extensions\IValueReaderExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\DeleteCharacterTemplateEquippedForCharacterQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountItemBuyTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\Spawn\DeleteMapSpawnQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Extensions\Ray2D.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Skills\SelectCharacterSkillsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\QuestPerformerKillCounter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\Screen Controls\MapScreenControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapSaveTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\InsertCharacterTemplateQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\Cursors\MapLightCursorTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\SkillTypeListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Quests\QuestIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\ViewUserCharacterTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\ClientPeerTradeInfoHandler.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\Thread Safe\TSDictionary.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\MapTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Networking\INetworkSenderExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\GuildEventTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Scripting\JScriptAssemblyCreator.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\MapDrawingExtension\MapDrawingExtension.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\EventCountersShopTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Program.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\World\Map\MapWallDrawer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsNpcKillUserTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\BodyIDEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Program.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\Spawn\SelectMapSpawnQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\DrawableMapDrawEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapEditNPCSpawnsToolForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\GuildMemberTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\MapSpawn\MapSpawnValues.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryStats\BasicQueryStatsTracker.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountUserConsumeItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\InsertQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\MapSpawn\MapSpawnRect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\NPCChatDialogBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\SchemaTableColumn.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\DbObjs\ItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\EditMapForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Network\Sockets\SocketManager\ClientSocketManagerStatusChangedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\SelectMapIDsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\PointConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Start Reqs\InsertQuestRequireStartQuestQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\SelectAccountIDFromNameQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\NPC.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapBorderDrawerTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Content\ContentAssetName.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\AI\AIFactoryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\UpdateAccountPermissionsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\ItemInfoHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\Conditionals\NPCChatConditionalCollectionBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\Grh.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Items\Inventory\CharacterInventory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\BodyPaperDollTypeEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\MapID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\Schema\SchemaReader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\ColorConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\DbManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Body\BodyIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildMemberByNameQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\AllianceIDEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\AllianceTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\HPPercentLessThanOrEqualTo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsUserLevelTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\MapDrawingExtension\MapDrawingExtensionCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\NetGore\LazyFont.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\GuildEventTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\MainForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Items\Equipped\CharacterEquipped.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\SkeletonBodyItemsListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Shops\ShopBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\Entities\CharacterID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\DbObjs\MapTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterTemplateSkillTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Skills\SkillHeal.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\GrhInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\DbTableDataManager\DbTableDataManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\DrawingManager\DrawingManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Map Helpers\MapHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\Controls\GrhTreeView\GrhPreviewScreenControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\Requirements\ItemsQuestRequirement.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\NetGore\Font.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\StatusEffect\UpdateCharacterStatusEffectQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\World\Map\MapBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\EventCountersQuestTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\ToolbarEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryBuilder\SelectQueryBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\ParticleEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\ActiveTradeItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildEventsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\Special Queries\FindForeignKeysQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\Requirements\CompleteQuestQuestRequirement.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\AnimatedGrhData.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\ConsoleInputBuffer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\World\Map\Entities\Character.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateAndAmountEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\PeerTradeForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\EventCountersNpcTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\TemporaryEffects\Particle\TemporaryMapParticleEffect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\NPCChat\ServerNPCChatManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\TemporaryEffects\Grh\MapGrhEffect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateInventoryItemListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\EditorTool\ToolStateManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\Toolbar.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Shop\Shop.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Enum\EnumHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Refraction\ExplosionRefractionEffect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountItemSellTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsUserShoppingQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountShopSellTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Character\DeleteCharacterQuestStatusKillsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Body\BodyInfoManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapPreviewTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\AllianceHostileTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Graphics\NetGore\Image.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\PeerTrading\PeerTradingGetLostItemsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Map.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\SelectCharacterTemplateQuestsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\UI\Editors\EntityTypeUITypeEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\NetGore\SoundBuffer.NetGore.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountShopSellTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\ViewNpcCharacterTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsNPCKillUserQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Strings\String Parser\StringCommandParser.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\StatusEffect\InsertCharacterStatusEffectQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\GameControl\GameControlCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\ListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\EditMapForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\QueryAsserts.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\ParticleEmitterComboBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\InputNewMapIDForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\GameTime\GameTimeSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\QuestRequireFinishItemTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\PropertyGrid Wrappers\EditorAlliance.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\MySql\QueryBuilder\MySqlSelectFunctionQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\EditorTool\ToolBar\IToolBarControlSettingsExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\ParticleEffectReference.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\ExceptionSwallower.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapEditBackgroundToolForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Effect\ParticleEffect.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\GrhTreeViewForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\ValueReaderWriter\Xml\XmlValueWriter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\GlobalState.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\Cursors\MapGrhCursorTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\Audio\NetGore\LazySoundBuffer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\QuestRequireStartItemTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\NPCChatResponseActionBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Color.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Skills\KnownSkillsCollection\KnownSkillsCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Guilds\GuildIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateIDListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\NPCChatDialogItemID.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Template\SelectCharacterTemplateInventoryQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Guilds\GuildRenameEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateInventoryItemListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\SelectedMapObjectsForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\EventCountersNpcTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\QuestRequireKillTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\InsertUpdateQuestQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\QuestIDListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Networking\ServerPacket.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateIDEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\InputBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\TextBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Guilds\DbClassGeneratorSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\AllianceIDListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Db\ClassCreator\MethodParameter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterQuestStatusTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\TypeConverters\SkillTypeListTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Guilds\GuildMemberInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsNetworkTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateIDEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Say\SayHandlerCommands.Guilds.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\AI\AIIDTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Finish Reqs\InsertQuestRequireKillQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Exceptions\ParticleEmitterLoadEmitterModifierException.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\CharacterTemplateQuestProviderTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Refraction\RefractionEffectFactory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\NPCChatDialogView\NPCChatDialogViewNode.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\BitStream\BitStream.IValueWriter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Sprite.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Guilds\GuildForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\AccountIpsTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\QuestRequirementCollectionEditor.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Quests\Requirements\KillQuestRequirement.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Audio\Music\IMusicManagerExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\SkeletonEditorForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsCountUserKillNpcTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountItemSellTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\GameForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\EditorTool\ToolSettings.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapDisplayDynamicTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Properties\EditorSettings.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\EventCountersMapTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\UpdateGuildQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Vector3.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\InputBox.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\Start Reqs\InsertQuestRequireStartItemQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\IValueReaderExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Exceptions\ParticleEmitterLoadParticleModifierException.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateInventoryItemListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\ServerTimeUpdater.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Quests\HasQuestRequirementsTracker.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Items\SelectCharacterEquippedItemsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\EventCountersItemTemplateTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\Conditionals\NPCChatConditionalBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\IValueWriterExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Emitters\CircleEmitter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\SelectAccountIDFromUserNameQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\Cursors\MapEntityCursorTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Sprite\Grh\GrhData.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsCountItemBuyTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\ItemInfoRequester\ItemInfoRequesterBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Gjk.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\GridAlignerBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\CharacterSPSynchronizer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsQuestCompleteTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Variable Values\VariableInt.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\MapEntityIndexTypeConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Misc\UpdateServerTimeQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\EditableTextHandler.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\ShopTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\EmitterModifiers\Core\EmitterModifier.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\ItemTemplateAndAmountListForm.Designer.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\AllianceAttackableTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\TrySetAccountIPIfNullQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\MapEditNPCSpawnsTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\SelectGrhDataButton.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Stats\StatValueType.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\QuestUITypeEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\AccountCharacterTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\Extensions\IsBetweenExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Account\InsertAccountIPQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Alliance\Alliance.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Map\TemporaryEffects\Grh\MapGrhEffectTimed.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\WorldStats\WorldStatsTracker.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Shop\ShopItem\SelectShopItemsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsQuestCompleteTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildByIDQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\WorldStatsQuestCancelTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\Grh\GrhImageList.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Guild\SelectGuildByNameQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\NPCChat\NPCChatResponseBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Quests\QuestRewardCollection.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Shops\ShopInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Guilds\GuildManagerBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\Design\PlaneConverter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\NPCChat\ClientNPCChatManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Shop\InsertShopQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\InsertAllianceQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\PeerTrading\EventArgs\ClientPeerTradeInfoHandlerAcceptStatusChangedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Quests\QuestPerformerKillCounterKillIncrementEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\AccountIpsTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\ParticleEngine\Emitters\RectEmitter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountShopBuyQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\UI\WinForms\LogListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\SkillTypeListBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features\Skills\SkillInfoManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Items\SelectCharacterInventoryItemsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\GUI\Controls\CheckBox.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\SelectCharacterQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Map\Spawn\InsertMapSpawnQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\ItemInfoRequester\InventoryInfoRequester.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\StatusEffect\DeleteCharacterStatusEffectQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\World\Map\Entities\Characters\Skills\CharacterSkillCaster.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Guilds\GuildMemberListControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\UITypeEditors\CharacterTemplateEquippedItemListForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\CharacterSkillTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\Skeleton\SkeletonNode.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Quest\DeleteQuestQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\ValueReaderWriter\Generic\GenericValueWriter.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\ControlHelper.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Core\InventorySlot.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsCountItemBuyQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DynamicEntityFactory.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Guilds\GuildManager.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\SelectAllianceAttackableQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Editor\NPCChat\NPCChatDialogView\NPCChatDialogView.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Scripting\ScriptAssemblyCache.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\AccountTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\DbExtensions\QuestTableDbExtensions.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\Cursors\MapGrhFillTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Account\AccountCharacterInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\WorldStats\InsertWorldStatsGuildUserChangeQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Collections\Type\TypeFactoryLoadedEventArgs.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame\Items\EquippedBase.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\SFML\NetGore\BoundingFrustum.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Editor\WinForms\Persistable Controls\PersistableForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Character\Skills\DeleteCharacterSkillQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\NPCChat\Conditionals\HPPercentLessThan.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Server\Groups\GroupMemberInfo.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\EventCountersGuildTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Client\Controls\ChatForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\Queries\Alliance\SelectAllianceIDsQuery.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\IO\ValueReaderWriter\Binary\BinaryValueReader.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Controls\Screen Controls\SkeletonEditorScreenControl.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\World\Map\Spatial\SpatialAggregate.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Tools\Map\Cursors\MapWallCursorTool.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore.Features.Client\Guilds\GuildMembersForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Editor\Forms\Dockable\SoundEditorForm.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\DemoGame.Server\DbObjs\WorldStatsGuildUserChangeTable.cs      Not Equal
c:\Users\win10Admin\Desktop\Test_Cases\NetGore_0.4.0\NetGore\NetGore\Graphics\SpriteBatch\RoundedSpriteBatch.cs      Not Equal
